okay this is my pokemon walkthrough of
fire red you just have to speak to
Professor Oak because if you want a
pokémon we have to speak to Professor
book because it's a Pokemon professor
done I'm a boy this is my real name but
I just feel like burn it it's off the
song if you don't know this is funny I
pissef it a lot of things and I'll just
put it as dizzy yes obviously I think
it's dizzy honey she might be dizzy I
don't so you changed a little small fee
I have a look on the net and then when
the pc you get a potion which is for
free so made well and some some of
people might need it it depends like
really so there's your mom
and you walk out before you go to the
lab practical North because any where
does he come from where's it there's no
one there he's not in his lab I've
checked a million times unless he just
comes like the trees but you think when
the trees it is a weird and you there's
dizzy did you rascal you just keep
speaking experience being speaking
speaking and finally you get to choose a
Pokemon and I'm gonna be choosing
squared off because he's good for all of
his evaluation good farm squared off and
what's his name one or all their
blasters it evolves on leaf green I
would have got Chavez chairman because
there's all crap fire pokemon and Fire
no leaf green the only good when Davis
is nine tails but i really get bored of
it and he's not really that good
I'm gonna come on squirt of water shower
oh yes finally i usually get girls but i
really liked boys anyway I try to give
in the end of it jam and I wish I could
get so shit-faced poke my panel and in
less than 10 seconds I bet you that my
mom asked me to go to the van around as
I know my way well she doing spell take
a while because if I at Professor Oak
for the egg and he tells you to like
what to do and I've been on the plenty
more times and you could say hi and well
I am a bit like five times and like I
just know how to fire you should busy do
you wanna find a 10-5 what you know how
to fight may be much easier so why is it
wouldn't be such a waste time saying oh
you might do this yeah I know I know I
know you miss your dad ya know oh yeah
I'm sure that's no and if we get
critical hit that's why I need that
potion for but luckily they don't get
critical hits and hopefully I do so I
didn't have to waste my potion and no
point using it now because when you ask
this battle UF for life
this message egg okay so let's pop one
of pokemon leafgreen